[♪ opening theme song playing]
[REGGIE] Believe me,
the rules' idea of continuation
is nothing but a cover
for the real plan.
Mark my words.
When only the strong remain,
Kenjaku is going to drop
a bomb on the game.
And the Culling Game
will fulfill its real purpose.
I don't know what kind of bomb
Kenjaku's going to drop,
but it's going to happen
in the near future,
that's for sure.
Maybe even this very moment.
That's why I'm preparing
by gathering strong allies
and stocking up points.
I have a few questions.
Is she strong enough?
Because I have my doubts.
It doesn't matter
if she's strong
because I'm just
using her as bait
to attract other players here.
People tend to be less wary
of women, you know.
So when you're done using her,
you'll just kill her
for the points?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'd never do that.
Even though you're a bust,
Reggie's my actual true knight!
As long as I serve him,
he'll protect me
from all danger!
How naive and stupid.
Do you and your allies possess
at least 100 points
between all of you?
[scoffs] Most certainly.
[MEGUMI]
A new rule will be added soon.
It'll allow players to transfer
points between each other.
- Hand over your points.
- [growls]
I need them for myself.
Seems like negotiations
have broken down.
[door creaks, slams]
[whooshing]
- [REGGIE] He's...
- [CHIZURU]...gone.
[grunting]
[CHIZARU] Hey!
Nue!
[Reggie gasps]
[MEGUMI] Hey.
Don't let me
see your face again.
- [gasps]
- [Demon Dog whines]
[REGGIE] Ah.
- [groans]
- [REGGIE] I get it, I get it.
I thought you were holding back,
but you can't kill us, can you?
You want our points,
but only if we give them to you.
But I think
if you fight
without trying to kill,
you'll regret it the moment
you realize you're dead.
[gasps]
[loud crash]
[REGGIE] Hey!
I'm down here, too, you know!
He dead yet?
[coughs]
[whooshing]
[groans]
You good with this?
This smell.
Is it over?
[IORI] Not yet.
Just like you.
He ran into a room
before the explosion hit.
Huh. Not bad at all.
Good work.
I bet you wore him down a lot.
[creaking, clanging]
[groaning softly]
[MEGUMI] Do you finally get it?
They have no intention
of protecting you.
[Remi groaning]
[groans softly]
Now you know.
So get outta here.
- [thuds]
- [exclaims]
Give it a rest already.
[REMI] Then,
say it.
Reggie said it
when I asked him to!
He said he'd protect me!
He said he liked me!
So you say it!
Ugh.
I've seen them all.
Scumbags like you
who care more about words
than real action.
[CHIZURU]
That was a heck of a throw!
But now you're all banged up.
Wasn't easy
climbing back up here,
but I made it.
[MEGUMI] Use the stairs
next time, Neanderthal.
[KOGANE] Ding-dong, ding-dong,
ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong!
Your attention please,
your attention.
A player has added a new rule
to the Culling Game.
Rule Number Ten.
Players are able to transfer
a number of points
of their choosing
to other players in the game.
[CHIZURU]
What kind of rule is that?
[grunts]
[sword clatters]
[croaks]
[grunts, gasps]
[struggling grunts]
[straining]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[MEGUMI] Max Elephant!
[gasps]
[elephant trumpets]
[CHIZURU] He did it again!
[Nue screeches]
[grunts]
[groans]
- [loud crash]
- [bicycle bell rings]
[grunting]
You bastard! How dare you?
- [stabs]
- [groans]
[blood splatters]
[MEGUMI] What am I doing?
I'll need more points
in the future,
but Tsumiki won't be forced
to participate
in the killing anymore.
Just be patient.
Believe in the others.
Don't obsess
over these guys' points.
All I need to do
is use my full might
to brush away any sparks
that might fall on me.
You have gained five points
for a kill.
[REGGIE] Man,
what a waste of points.
How pathetic, getting killed
before he could
even use his technique.
[MEGUMI] Did Remi drop out?
Even so, it's still two on one.
Damn it, I'm still reeling
from that first explosion.
But fleeing ' s not an option.
Maybe I should use my domain.
No, bad idea.
It's still incomplete.
There's no way
I can close the barrier
and trap them inside.
The worst outcome
would be them running off
and making me waste it.
[whooshing]
- [TAKABA] Look out!
- [explosion]
- ...out!
Two on one, huh?
I guess in your books,
that's what you consider
a fair fight?
Well, not in mine.
Where I'm from,
do you know what
they call people like you?
They call them cowards!
And cowardly attacks
won't work on me!
Behold!
Zero damage!
[Megumi groans]
[sighs]
[sighs, groans]
[groans]
[exhales]
[sighs]
Young boy, I can help you!
I turned 35 this year.
With one look at someone's face,
I can tell if they're
a good or bad person.
What's wrong?
Yucks! Anyone ever tell you
you got one bad face?
[Megumi grumbles]
Oh, well!
I use a relative scale,
just like schools!
Schools use absolute scales.
- He did protect me.
- [Takaba sniffs]
So I guess
I can trust him for now.
Well, Hazenoki,
what do you make of him?
I don't know the guy.
It's quicker just to ask him.
- Hey!
- [TAKABA] Hmm?
Type. Which are you?
[grunts] Mm.
I get it now.
You're asking what type
of comedian I am.
The type that's always funny?
Or the ones
deluding themselves?
That's what
you're asking, right?
[IORA] No, I'm asking what era--
This costume is modeled
after my hero.
The person who first
made me laugh my guts out
when I was a child!
So to honor this costume,
I cannot allow my jokes
to fall flat!
Here's a gag I just thought of.
Try using it on your sweetheart
if you have one!
Be ready for something.
[grunting]
"Don't marry me!
I don't want you as my Wi-Fi!"
[wind whistling]
What a shitty audience!
They were always jerks like you!
People who forget
to laugh in the womb.
And yet they always
manage to sit at the table
or seat right in front
of the stage!
[MEGUMI] Ever think
you're the problem?
What if I am?
[MEGUMI]
He has the exact same vibes.
[TAKABA] Even so,
I'd never abandon you!
That is because I am...
an entertainer!
[groans]
[REGGIE] He's fast.
His curse energy skyrocketed.
The shift in output is massive.
- This guy is strong.
- [TAKABA] Be careful!
I'm an old-school entertainer
who just recently
took a strong liking
to extreme violence.
Now, do you want my help,
young boy?
[grunts]
Let's you and I take
one of those guys each.
- Hmm! Hmm, hmm, hmm!
- The younger guy, look.
He can turn his body parts
into bombs.
And he's using
reverse curse technique.
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm!
- Dude!
- Hmm, hmm!
- Kogane!
- Yes?
Hiromi Higuruma's info, now!
Itadori's the one
who added that rule.
I've decided that I'm done
with this colony.
Back down, and I'll let you go.
Huh?
Where do you think
you stand in this game?
I'm still owed points.
The ones I lost when you
killed Hari before I could.
- Hey, guy.
- The name's Takaba.
Mm.
If you try to kill
that bomb bastard,
if you can,
steal his points before you do.
Okay then, young boy.
I'll join you.
Let's fight with honor.
[epic duel music playing]
But I am an entertainer.
Whatever I do
has got to entertain.
As long as you win,
I really don't care.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Sparking!
What a dangerous technique!
Bam! Home run!
Don't worry!
When it comes
to variety shows...
[groaning]
Where'd he...
Red is prohibited.
[groans]
[whimpering]
Not funny!
I'm glad you aren't
my enemy, Takaba.
[Takaba chuckles] Now, there's
a line I always wanted to hear!
Later, young boy!
Try not to die.
Aww.
Now that guy's dead too.
After that humiliation,
Hazenoki's about
to crush your friend.
I think you should
worry about yourself.
I warned you.
Like I said, I've achieved
my objective in this colony.
So no more holding back.
I can fight for real now.
Hmm.
[Nue screeches]
[Reggie panting]
[panting]
[grunts]
[MEGUMI] Max Elephant!
[elephant trumpets]
Wow, didn't know
they came that big!
[chuckles]
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
[grunts]
[laughs]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[REGGIE] You've figured out
my technique, haven't you?
But a water attack is pretty
simplistic, don't you agree?
You manifest whatever's
on those receipts.
But there's more to it
than that, right?
[REGGIE]
You're absolutely correct.
It's hard to describe,
but I'd call it
reenacting contracts.
For example, I can do this, too.
Contractual Re-Creation.
What just burned in my hand
was a receipt for a three-day,
two-night stay
at the five-star
traditional inn, Hoshizoratei.
In other words, my body
is now as refreshed
as it would be
after a restful
and relaxing vacation
in a hot springs resort
for three days, two nights,
plus massage.
I wonder how you're faring
in comparison?
No doubt you have
injuries from earlier.
And you've employed
multiple shikigami.
Why, you must be exhausted.
[MEGUMI] I often employ
multiple shikigami at once.
The problem is that
one of those was Max Elephant,
which I usually use alone.
[REGGIE] You can rapidly
shuffle through shikigami.
But not once
they're injured, right?
That's why
you can't use your dog
to run, attack, and defend.
And because of that,
you've been forced
to use multiple
one-trick shikigami all at once.
It's a battle of attrition
where neither of us can use
big, high-output moves.
Don't you see it's futile?
There's no way you can kill me.
That's true.
So, I'll run.
Wait.
[Nue screeches]
[REGGIE]
It won't be that easy.
[scooter whirring]
[humming]
A community gymnasium?
Did he flee inside?
Or is he luring me in?
I could smoke him out
with fire,
but getting into another chase
would be annoying.
Well, whatever shall I do?
[MEGUMI] Good.
It's just as I imagined.
This is the perfect size.
I wonder what you have
planned for me in here,
you damned little punk.
You have something planned
yourself, don't you?
All sorcerers tend
to tell lies now and then.
[panting]
[grunts]
- [thuds]
- [groans]
[grunts]
[winces]
[sword clangs]
[gasps]
[panting]
[grunts]
[whooshing]
[gasps, groans]
[pants]
[grunts]
[REGGIE] The things
I recreate from receipts
are like shikigami.
So I can give them simple
commands to get what I want.
Knives normally don't fly,
but that one sure did.
Given your personality,
I think you're going to say no.
But if you transfer
your points to me,
I promise I will give you
a quick and easy death
[MEGUMI] Barrier techniques
are difficult, aren't they?
No matter how long I've tried,
I haven't been able
to get the hang of placing
an artificial space
of different size over reality.
Which is why...
[REGGIE] No way.
[MEGUMI] I'm going
to use this gymnasium as is
to deploy my domain.
[REGGIE] He can do that?
[MEGUMI] Domain Expansion.
Chimera Shadow Garden.
[thudding, beeping]
[REGGIE] I didn't know he was
a sorcerer on that level.
[MEGUMI] I never said
I didn't have any big moves.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[MEGUMI] Even incomplete,
a domain is still a domain!
[REGGIE] I'm pulling out
my trump card and activating it!
[MEGUMI] Not yet!
Endure a little longer!
[REGGIE]
I acknowledge your strength.
[MEGUMI] Which of us
will get crushed first?
[REGGIE] Get crushed!